hey everyone this is Todd Hazleton with
mobile burn calm today we're checking
out the htc inspire 4G one of 18 T's
first phones to run on its hspa+ 4g
network I'm here in New York City I've
played with it a little bit today but
otherwise I'm still just as new with
this as we use so let's say I get
through an unboxing and check out some
of the phones cool features here's the
device itself it's got this nice metal
back actually when it was delivered by
fedex it was still cold so pretty sweet
large 4.3 inch screen there let's go
through the rest of the box here we have
the quick start guide you'll want to pay
attention to this and i'll show you just
a sec but battery cover pretty hard to
get off so a quick look at that also get
a talks about Wi-Fi here how to use HTC
Sense fairly easy to do some other
paperwork you also get a USB cable here
and then the wall mount so you can plug
into this plug in the wall or use that
computer let's get looking at the device
stuff that's the exciting part okay here
it is the inspire 4G that's the screen
on you can see it's nice and big 4.3
inch screen reminds me a lot of the evo
on sprint actually out of the box but
it's a little more polished feeling
these nice rounded edges you have the
volume controls here on the left there's
the battery door if you look close you
can see I've already kind of scratched
it up it's that hard to get off I'll
show you just a second an 8 megapixel
camera on the back that's capable of
recording HD video and you have the dual
LED flash right there well and there's a
speaker bottom here and see it sort of
advertises the srs audio but Dolby but
if you kind of push it up you can see we
get access to the sim card there and
then the micro SD card and I believe it
comes with others eight gig micro SD
card in there bottom of the device you
have the micro USB port and the
microphone as well as a 3.5 millimeter
headphone jack and then nothing is on
the right side and the power button is
up top right there okay so quickly
actually I wanted to show you that
battery thing it's
I'll try my best to get open but it's
actually legitimately hard there I
popped it off and then you can see the
battery slides in right there I think I
can pop it out but I have to power the
phone back up you sort of pop this back
on not the best situation here I want to
break it so you can see the fiddling I
am so let me get that back on and we'll
go through some of the features of the
phone okay well a while is fiddling with
the battery there so empowered down so
now we're going to power it back up you
can see how long that takes well it's
booting up I'll go over some of the
specs as a 1 gigahertz processor I
believe it's a Qualcomm Snapdragon
although I'm not a hundred percent sure
pretty positive though also is running
android 2.2 froyo hopefully it gets a
gingerbread update although i don't
think i've heard anything specifically
definite on that again it has the 8
megapixel camera on it and I believe
this is running a newest version of
sense the United States which allows you
to back up some of your data online or
at least at the very least if you lose
your phone you can then deactivate it
remotely so that nobody can access your
information I think it allows you to
wipe it too and that can all be accessed
on the HTC Sense website okay so here we
go and if you look close there will let
it focus you can see a little h+ up top
that means we're in the area where ATT
provides its 4G connection so here's on
the home screen see it's running sense
so you get widgets like this friend
stream here which show your facebook
contacts as well as twitter if you have
that setup i did not right now but uh
combines them both you have quick
widgets to access your favorite contacts
there on the right and then quickly turn
on and off Wi-Fi and bluetooth and rest
here you can see be a blockbuster on
here as well as live TV
gallery app actually this is pretty cool
reader it's a nice user interface for
accessing your ebooks and if you click
one it opens up and you can start
reading pretty sweet actually I guess
you can toggle the font sizes make it a
little easier to read and if you
highlight something you can highlight it
make a note so pretty cool app there if
you're reading on your phone we don't
have any new subscriptions but let's try
adding one CNN top stories that will do
so that now brings in the top stories
there you can see how fastest is pulling
in information too if you want to read
the full article then you can launch the
web browser so there's another one
access to your books there that's the
shelf and the sake of showing you more
widgets I'll pull that off and you can
click widget and choose from these
various widgets on here that HTC is
provided I like footprints when
traveling it's kind of neat lets you
take pictures of places you go so we'll
put that on there and we don't have a
footprint yet but it'll geotag and give
you all that cool information alright so
in here you can see some of the apps
that are already on here you have Angry
Birds asphalt five it's a racing game
walk Buster will go through that okay so
we're not going to activate it now
because I'm not have to pay for download
button here you can see the video
library so if you wanted to watch it's
like the social network click that it's
399 to rent it or 1799 to buy it also
choose to get it in the mail or get it
in the store fee of a blockbuster
account
so pretty neat if you want to go about
downloading movies that way
going down I think some of these
applications have been pulled in as I
was saying earlier with the sense if you
were to lose your phone I just logged in
with our mobile burn account so
applications like campfire ones we've
downloaded on other phones that are
automatically pull in here check out the
web browser especially we'll see 18
tease network here get a nice big
keyboard
so there's our mobile site came right up
now let's go to the full site
so okay it's taking a little while but
it it's not too bad can already start
zooming and panning around if I want to
looks like it's having some trouble with
these ads up top otherwise fairly quick
so far also landscape viewing I'm
generally a big fan of the Android
browser so you can also add bookmarks
there we go ad and then if you want to
view your bookmarks that and shows this
nice thumbnail view of the bookmarks you
can quickly go to other pages